PHPLIB-1726: Add copilot instructions for reviews (#1782)
mongodb/mongo-php-library: .github/copilot-instructions.md

# GitHub Copilot Instructions

## Code Review Guidelines

### Review Focus
- **Do not repeat or paraphrase the PR description**
- Only highlight changes or notable information that was omitted from the description
- Focus on code quality, potential issues, and improvements not mentioned in the PR

### PHP Version and Type Requirements

> - Code must support **PHP 8.1 and newer**

Reviewer: Can we ask it to check the PHP constraints in composer.json so that we don't have to maintain the version number here?
```suggestion
- The minimum PHP version supported is in the `./composer.json`. Code must support **this version and newer**
```

- Use **full type declarations** wherever possible
- Leverage PHP 8.1+ features when appropriate (enums, readonly properties, intersection types, etc.)
- Use **PHPDoc blocks** to supplement native types where PHP limitations exist:
  - Generics: `@template T`, `@param Collection<T>`, `@return T`
  - Union types for complex scenarios
  - Array shapes: `@param array{name: string, age: int}`
  - More specific types than native PHP allows

### Code Quality Standards
- Ensure all public methods have complete type hints
- Private/protected methods should also be fully typed
- Use strict scalar type declarations (`declare(strict_types=1)`)
- Prefer constructor property promotion when applicable

> - Use named arguments for better readability in complex method calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use named arguments for better readability in complex method calls to functions inside this package
```
